Ratpack 2015 Controls

Pilot:
Mecanum drive: left stick forward and strafe, right stick x-axis rotation. This has acceleration control applied at all times

Turbo: pressing down either of the top two bumpers will increase the drive inputs, allowing for greater speed

Brake: pressing down (or up) on *both* sticks will immediately stop the robot (overriding acceleration control).
This is intended to be used if the robot is about to crash, not as a usual part of driving.

Copilot:
A button: Pick up a tote. this will lift up the current stack high enough to intake a tote, and start running the rollers

B button: Pick up a bin. this will lower the lift enough to get under a bin, and start running the rollers

X button: Recalibrate the lifter. This is never necessary in competition.

Y button: Go to step height. This will raise the stack to the height of the step

DPad right: Eject. This only ejects while the dpad is held, and only happens if another routine is not in progress

DPad up/down: cycle the lifter up or down through several pre-determined positions, from the floor to the maximum allowed height. This is primarily important
for picking up a bin from the step, which is done by lifting the lifter until it gets just under a bin, then lifting it up another step. (After catching the bin, back up and press Y to drop it) 

Jiggle left stick: Cancel/stop any sequence. (The program detects if it is pressed more than halfway in any direction) 
if the button is pressed again, the sequence will restart from the beginning.

Note: once the robot is in a certain mode (eg "picking up a tote"), pressing the same button again will have no effect.
If you want to restart the sequence, cancel it then start again.

(Note that all sequences are mutually exclusive, so for example pressing A will cancel the 'B'-sequence and start from the beginning)

Copilot manual:
Manual controls are used if the robot is in test mode, or if either of the bumpers is being held down. They override the usual controls.

A button: Run rollers in.

X button: Go out of test mode, if in test mode. This is a safeguard in case we start a competition match in test mode.

DPad right: Eject.

DPad up/down: move the lifter up/down (useful for getting it above the calibration sensor before a match)

Back/Start buttons: run rollers full speed to the left/right. Intended to be used for disrupting the tote array quickly